Now that we understand what a Kinesis Stream is and a little how it works,
let's create our first stream.
Open the create‑kinesis‑stream.js file in our scripts/module_08 folder.
This will be another simple file.
First update your region on line 4.
Then on line 7,
we're going to declare a const called kinesis and assign to
it a new AWS.Kinesis constructor call.
On line 10, we call the createKinesisStream function and pass in a streamName.
Let's implement this function by declaring a params const object on line 14.
The first parameter here will be ShardCount,
which is the number of shards the stream will be created with.
You can modify this value later on if the stream needs more capacity,
but we'll just enter the value 1 here.
The next property is StreamName,
and we can give that the value of the streamName function argument.
Now inside the Promise, we'll call the kinesis.createStream function call,
passing in the params object as the first argument and a callback
function with an err argument as the second.
If the err object exists, call reject and pass it in; otherwise,
just call resolve.
There isn't anything in the data object, so we'll just ignore it.
Now that that's complete,
let's create the stream by switching over to your command line.
Execute the command node create‑kinesis‑stream.js.
When it's complete, the process will stop.
No real output.
In the next clip, we're going to start sending race results to the Kinesis Stream.